Store hash partition function in dataSegment and allow segment pruning only when hash partition function is provided (#10288)
apache/druid: docs/querying/query-context.md

|useFilterCNF|`false`| If true, Druid will attempt to convert the query filter to Conjunctive Normal Form (CNF). During query processing, columns can be pre-filtered by intersecting the bitmap indexes of all values that match the eligible filters, often greatly reducing the raw number of rows which need to be scanned. But this effect only happens for the top level filter, or individual clauses of a top level 'and' filter. As such, filters in CNF potentially have a higher chance to utilize a large amount of bitmap indexes on string columns during pre-filtering. However, this setting should be used with great caution, as it can sometimes have a negative effect on performance, and in some cases, the act of computing CNF of a filter can be expensive. We recommend hand tuning your filters to produce an optimal form if possible, or at least verifying through experimentation that using this parameter actually improves your query performance with no ill-effects.|

> |segmentPruning|`true`|Enable segment pruning on the Broker. Segment pruning can be applied to only the segments partitioned by hash or range.|

Author: Good point. I renamed it as `secondaryPartitionPruning` since we might want to add tertiary partitioning in the future. Also updated the description.

|useFilterCNF|`false`| If true, Druid will attempt to convert the query filter to Conjunctive Normal Form (CNF). During query processing, columns can be pre-filtered by intersecting the bitmap indexes of all values that match the eligible filters, often greatly reducing the raw number of rows which need to be scanned. But this effect only happens for the top level filter, or individual clauses of a top level 'and' filter. As such, filters in CNF potentially have a higher chance to utilize a large amount of bitmap indexes on string columns during pre-filtering. However, this setting should be used with great caution, as it can sometimes have a negative effect on performance, and in some cases, the act of computing CNF of a filter can be expensive. We recommend hand tuning your filters to produce an optimal form if possible, or at least verifying through experimentation that using this parameter actually improves your query performance with no ill-effects.|

> |secondaryPartitionPruning|`true`|Enable secondary partition pruning on the Broker. The broker can basically prune segments unnecessary for queries based on a filter on time intervals. If the datasource is further partitioned based on hash or range partitioning, this query context will enable secondary partition pruning so that the broker can eliminate unnecessary segments from the input scan based on a filter on secondary partition dimensions.|

Reviewer: > The broker can basically prune segments unnecessary for queries based on a filter on time intervals.

Sorry to nitpick, but this reads sort of funny, also I think 'Broker' should be consistently capitalized. How about:
```suggestion
|secondaryPartitionPruning|`true`|Enable secondary partition pruning on the Broker. The Broker will always prune unnecessary segments from the input scan based on a filter on time intervals, but if the data is further partitioned with hash or range partitioning, this option will enable additional pruning based on a filter on secondary partition dimensions.|
```

Author: :+1:
